README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi there

![Greeting](https://github.com/blackcater/blackcater/raw/main/images/Hi.gif)

## 🛠 About Me

I am a **Backend Engineer** at [@GravitinoUp](https://github.com/gravitinoUp/).

### 📫 Contacts

- [🌐 Habr Career](https://career.habr.com/idmaksim)
- [💬 Telegram](https://t.me/idmksim)
- [🔍 Head Hunter](https://hh.ru/resume/2cab0c6eff0dc71c610039ed1f796744f754159)

## 💡 Skills

### 📝 Programming Languages

- ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
- ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
- ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)

### ⚙️ Technologies and Tools

- **Frameworks:**
  ![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)
  ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
  ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
- **Databases:**
  ![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
  ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
  ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)
  ![Elasticsearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Elasticsearch-%230377CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch&logoColor=white)
- **ORM:**
  ![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white)
  ![TypeORM](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeORM-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typeorm&logoColor=white)
  ![Mongoose](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mongoose-%234aa94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongoose&logoColor=white)
  ![GORM](https://img.shields.io/badge/GORM-%230077CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
- **Message Brokers:**
  ![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/RabbitMQ-FF6600?style=for-the-badge&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white)
  ![Apache Kafka](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Kafka-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachekafka)
- **Tools:**
  ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
  ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
  ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
  ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white)
- **Testing:**
  ![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white)
  ![Pytest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pytest-FF6347?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytest&logoColor=white)
- **Other Technologies:**
  ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens)
  ![OAuth2](https://img.shields.io/badge/OAuth2-%237159c1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=oauth2&logoColor=white)
  ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101)
  ![Websockets](https://img.shields.io/badge/Websockets-1f425f?style=for-the-badge&logo=websockets&logoColor=white)
  ![Ethers.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ethers.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ethersdotjs&logoColor=white)
  ![Web3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web3.js-F16822?style=for-the-badge&logo=web3.js&logoColor=white)
  ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)
  ![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=sql&logoColor=white)

## 🚀 Interests

- 🖥 **Backend Development**
- 🔗 **Blockchain Technologies**

## 📈 Statistics

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=idmaksim&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

![Streak Statistics](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=idmaksim&theme=dark&hide_border=false)

Commit message:

Enhance README.md by adding specialization details for backend development and removing the greeting image.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi there

## 🛠 About Me

I am a **Backend Engineer** at [@GravitinoUp](https://github.com/gravitinoUp/). I specialize in backend development using Golang and Node.js, and I also write smart contracts in Solidity.

### 📫 Contacts

- [🌐 Habr Career](https://career.habr.com/idmaksim)
- [💬 Telegram](https://t.me/idmksim)
- [🔍 Head Hunter](https://hh.ru/resume/2cab0c6eff0dc71c610039ed1f796744f754159)

## 💡 Skills

### 📝 Programming Languages

- ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
- ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
- ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)

### ⚙️ Technologies and Tools

- **Frameworks:**
  ![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)
  ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
  ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
- **Databases:**
  ![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
  ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
  ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)
  ![Elasticsearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Elasticsearch-%230377CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch&logoColor=white)
- **ORM:**
  ![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white)
  ![TypeORM](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeORM-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typeorm&logoColor=white)
  ![Mongoose](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mongoose-%234aa94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongoose&logoColor=white)
  ![GORM](https://img.shields.io/badge/GORM-%230077CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
- **Message Brokers:**
  ![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/RabbitMQ-FF6600?style=for-the-badge&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white)
  ![Apache Kafka](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Kafka-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachekafka)
- **Tools:**
  ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
  ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
  ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
  ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white)
- **Testing:**
  ![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white)
  ![Pytest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pytest-FF6347?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytest&logoColor=white)
- **Other Technologies:**
  ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens)
  ![OAuth2](https://img.shields.io/badge/OAuth2-%237159c1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=oauth2&logoColor=white)
  ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101)
  ![Websockets](https://img.shields.io/badge/Websockets-1f425f?style=for-the-badge&logo=websockets&logoColor=white)
  ![Ethers.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ethers.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ethersdotjs&logoColor=white)
  ![Web3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web3.js-F16822?style=for-the-badge&logo=web3.js&logoColor=white)
  ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)
  ![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=sql&logoColor=white)

## 🚀 Interests

- 🖥 **Backend Development**
- 🔗 **Blockchain Technologies**

## 📈 Statistics

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=idmaksim&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

![Streak Statistics](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=idmaksim&theme=dark&hide_border=false)
